narrator: Man. What a boring party of heroes. I've been narrating their journey for months and nothing interesting has happened yet.
narrator: Embarrassing. I should just move on to the next p... 
narrator: Wait.
narrator: Something interesting is about to occur.

*begin cutscene*

elder: Someone please help me! My daughter, she was taken, please someone, anyone!

hero: Breathe man and tell me what happened.

elder: I heard a ripping noise from my daughters room and I ran in to check. 
elder: I found her room destroyed and her window wide open. There were claw marks everywhere. 
elder: I looked through the window and right at the tree line I saw a beastly figure retreating to the shadows of the forest. 
elder: Please you have to help my daughter! That thing took her. 
elder: I don't want to imagine what will happen if you don't get to her in time.

hero: I understand, I will gather my friends and leave right away. 
hero: However are you sure she might not already be...

elder: I don't know. There was no blood... I think... I don't know just please find her...


hero: Is it dead?

werewolf: ...

hero: Well... just to make sure.

narrator: As the hero readies his weapon, he notices a weird object near the creature's neck.

hero: What have we here?

narrator: The hero bends down and looks at what appears to be a necklace.

hero: Now why would a werewolf wear jewelry?
hero: I wonder...
hero: Bind this beast down and let's head back to the village.


BACK IN THE VILLAGE

elder: You've come back! But... where is Myrabella?
elder: Don't tell me... Gods... please let it not be so!

hero: I'm sorry, there was not trace of your daughter.
hero: No signs of fighting, no blood and even the tracks we followed, they didn't make sense.

elder: Speak man what do you mean "didn't make sense"?

hero: There was only one set of footprints.

elder: Well what do you expect the beast to be walking hand in hand with my daugther?

hero: No. What I expected were tracks left from dragging something. There were none.
hero: Almost as if the girl was riding the werewolf, like a steed of sorts.

elder: This is no time for jests!
elder: If there were no footprints from my daughter, that means she's still there, in the forest.

hero: No, there were footprints. Up untill the treeline. Human footprints mixed with a wolf's.
hero: I want you to look at something.

narrator: The hero shows the werrewolf's necklace to the elder.

elder: This can't be... It's Myrabella's amulet.

hero: I didn't think it possible, but... Your daughter's turned into a werewolf.